SP-2384: Review comments on Jira ticket (#37)
lsst/rtn-095: commissioning.tex

Once this coarse alignment was complete, the \gls{AOS} refined the optical alignment and applied mirror surfaces corrections to optimize the image quality across the \gls{LSSTComCam} field of view.

During LSST \gls{Science Pipelines} commissioning (\secref{ssec:pipelines_commissioning}),  observations were conducted using the AOS in open-loop mode only, without closed-loop corrections between exposures. 
Closed-loop operation, which requires additional intra- and extra-focal images with LSSTComCam, was not compatible with the continuous data acquisition needed by the pipelines.
The image quality for these data was monitored by measuring the \gls{PSF} \gls{FWHM}, and closed-loop sequences were periodically run when image quality degradation was observed.

%%%%% ComCam
\subsection{The LSST Commissioning Camera
\label{ssec:comcam}}
\gls{LSSTComCam} \citep{2022SPIE12184E..0JS,2020SPIE11447E..0LS,2018SPIE10700E..3DH, 10.71929/rubin/2561361} is a 144-megapixel version of the 3.2-gigapixel \gls{LSSTCam}.

> It covers approximately 5\% of the \gls{LSSTCam} focal plane area, with a field of view of $\sim$0.5deg$^2$   (40\arcmin x40\arcmin), compared to LSSTCam's 9.6 deg$^2$. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It covers approximately 5\% of the \gls{LSSTCam} focal plane area, with a field of view of \comcamarea   (40\arcmin x40\arcmin), compared to LSSTCam's 9.6 deg$^2$. 
```
